Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
AK’s and shotguns.
Let’s go.
[people screaming]
Man:
Outside!
- Man: Outside!
- Drop the guns now!
I called Rosen.
Posted bail
a few hours ago.
- Oh, my God!
- Promise to keep him
out of trouble
until after the trial.
- Rose, how could you?!
- Jesus Christ, Dad!
What?
He shot me,
the crazy old prick.
He thought I was Rose!
What did I do?
Gemma called.
Something happened
with your granddad.
She wants me up there.
No, if you get
caught with my mom,
that’s aiding
and abetting,
a federal crime.
Well, what do you
want me to tell her?
Tell her you’re taking
a leave of absence.
Doing a little research?
Whatever you did,
it’s none of my business.
The reward’s been upped
to 25 grand.
Gun’s empty,
sweetheart.
Let’s go,
my greedy little Guatie.
I haven’t been
completely honest
with Half-Sack.
I’m sort of married.
He wouldn’t divorce me
so I left, took everything.
You’re wanted
for grand theft.
I love Half-Sack, Gemma.
What the hell
am I gonna do?
You gotta get out of here.
You’ll be safe
in Ireland, Cherry.
Thank you.
Bye, Kip.
Gemma killed my Eddy.
Son for a son.
- No!
- Don’t–
They took my son!
Three days ago,
Amtrak station in Rocklin.
Timothy O’Dell
and infant bought a one-way
ticket to Vancouver.
Jacob:
Charming needs
its local police.
Back me for mayor,
support my changes.
I’ll let you handpick
your successor.
You protect your department,
we both protect the town.
You think about it.
Before anybody sees you,
get that child
out of the damp.
Kellan:
Wait until dark.
Mark him.
I want everyone to know
Cammy Hayes came home.
- Yo!
- What’s up?
- How you been?
- What’s up, bro?
Mayans are
locking down Lodi,
setting up distribution
for heroin.
Ferrying through Charming
to get to Stockton Yard.
Ah, shit.
I know you ain’t gonna
let that happen.
We run at this now,
it turns long and bloody.
Alvarez don’t want a war
any more than we do.
What we need is intel–
Where they process,
when they mule.
All right,
we can start digging,
but we’re gonna need AK’s–
at least a half dozen.
Shit, I ain’t gonna
have no shipment till
the end of the month.
Listen, man,
it’s been a long time
since we had
this kind of weight in
our backyard, brother.
We may be able
to find some MP-5’s.
All right, that’ll work.
- You be cool, man.
- Stay right.
Yo, Elvis, you, too.
Bobby: Yo, Luke.
You thinking
of adding a little
color to the ranks?
Yeah, black Irish.
You asked Jimmy
about the photo?
Aye, said Cameron
was on the train ’cause
it was too risky to fly.
Gotta still
be in Vancouver.
What about his contacts,
places he stays?
You understand?
I need details!
That task
is on the soldier.
Army doesn’t get
involved in specifics.
I don’t give a shit
what the Army does.
Your guy has my son.
Sorry, Jax.
You’re sorry?
Do you have kids?
I don’t.
Then you don’t know shit
about sorry, asshole.
Jax, Jax, Jax!
We’re being diligent
on this, Clay.
Got my word on that.
Yeah.
The last shipment.
Same deal,
ten KG-9s, six rolls.
We’ll give you a call
after we hand off in Oregon.
Bring those over.
We gotta find Abel...
quick.
Clay:
Yeah, I know.
Have Juice find Serg.
Will do.
Go talk to Lin.
Should I ask?
Got the blessings.
It’s fast.
We did what
needed to be done.
I’m losing sight
of that need, brother.
I’ve come for the boy, Mo.
Why?
Where you taking him?
A good Catholic family.
He’s already got a family.
Don’t get attached, Mo.
This can’t be about
your love for his grandfather.
Do you ever think...
J.T. made a mistake?
Maybe if he’d stayed
in Belfast with me...
John Teller’s family
was in Charming.
Where is he?
He’s in my bedroom.
He’ll see no harm,
I promise.
Well, you’re gonna be fine.
There’s no bone
or muscle damage.
Thanks, doc.
I’m sorry I pulled you
away from your work.
It’s okay.
How’s, uh, Jax holding up?
I don’t know.
Gemma: Dad?
I’m sure he tells you guys
more than he does me.
- Ah...
- Daddy? Nate?
Have you seen Nate?
He’s not in his room.
No, not since this morning.
He’s gone!
So’s the hunting rifle.
Oh, shit.
You know, I did hear a car
about 20 minutes ago.
Oh, Christ!
Oh, shit!
The Caddy’s gone.
Is he okay to drive?
Yeah, it depends what decade
he thinks he’s cruising in.
Where would he go?
I have no goddamn idea.
Someone must know
his routine.
Yeah, somebody does.
[footsteps on stairs]
Who the hell is that?
It’s his caregiver.
Oh, my God!
Are you insane?!
It’s complicated.
Amelia:
Is someone there?
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Amelia, I need to
ask you a question.
Yeah, and I need
to take a piss,
like, an hour ago.
I’m sorry.
I forgot.
Here.
Ah, that’s cold!
Nate took off in the car.
Any idea where
he might be heading?
[urine splashing]
What was he wearing?
I don’t know.
Depends.
He could be a hundred
different places.
Could you be
a little more specific?
I’m done.
You cut me loose,
I’ll help you find him.
Can’t do that.
My hands and my feet are numb,
my ass is killing me.
You can keep a gun on me.
I’ll make a few calls,
help you find him.
That’s the deal.
Let me remind you of your
circumstances, sweetheart.
You are tied up in a basement
with no family,
no friends anywhere
in the States.
You drop off the planet,
no one knows.
No one cares.
Amelia:
Jesus Christ.
Are you threatening
to kill me?
No, but I look
around this room,
I see a drill,
box cutters,
a welding torch.
Lots of shit make you
really uncomfortable.
Psycho bitch!
Listen, you ain’t
heard nothing, Chiquita.
Anything happens to my dad
because of your stalling,
I’ll make sure
you end up in this
wheelchair permanently!
Bitch!
Tara:
Gemma!
[footsteps ascending stairs]
- [Amelia sobbing]
- [door slams]
Buddha’s birthday?
Luncheon for
my Hong Kong clients.
What do you need?
MP-5’s, half dozen.
I heard about the attack.
Deeper than that.
AB gave Alvarez a pipeline
to Stockton Yard.
Mayans set up shop
in Lodi.
Guns are for some brothers
helping us out.
Explains why they’ve
been giving us less
resistance in Oakland.
New shipment from Gaza,
2K each.
Shit. Jew guns are
a little steep.
That’s the family rate.
I’d double that price
on the street.
We’re gifting
this hardware.
Ain’t got that kind of
up-front cash.
You, uh, still got
your Caracara contacts?
Why?
Client’s new favorite
American pastime–
making videos with
young white porn stars.
All I got are Asian whores.
How many bodies you need?
Four or five willing
to get messy.
Hey, you think Lyla
could reach out to a few
of the Caracara girls?
Even split, 50-50?
- I guess.
- You good with that?
Okay, personal appearances.
Ten grand each.
Come on.
Jax:
Hey, you’re getting
the family rate.
I’s double that price
on the street.
Give us the guns,
pay us the difference in cash,
charge Hong Kong Spewy
whatever you want
for the party flicks.
Okay, better be some high-end
lily white pussy.
Need ’em here by 3:00.
You and Denise coming
to Hale’s service?
Yeah, we’ll be there.
What time’s it start?
[clearing throat]
Boys.
How long for a chair?
About 15.
Uh, sorry
about your deputy.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Looks like you, uh,
got yourself an empty chair.
Maybe you, uh, better
give me a shower, too.
Well, town’s
a little upset, Piney.
It’ll settle.
Wayne, hey,
uh, got a second?
I wanted to apologize.
I think I came on
a little too strong
the other day.
It’s an emotional time.
I’m sorry.
You had something to say
and you said it.
Right.
I...
This town needs Charming PD.
Yes, it does.
I got a hit for
a Timothy O’Dell–
Arbutus Lodge,
Vancouver,
four days ago.
Only stayed one night.
- Then what?
- Nothing after that.
Could he have gotten
on a plane?
Not under that name.
If it were me,
I’d pick up another I.D.
Keep the trail cold.
Check into
the Port Authority records.
See if he registered
another boat.
Limited access, man.
Hunting bounties
is an American privilege.
I got no rights
in Canada.
Shit.
What do you do if
you want to find somebody
north of the border?
Mercenaries.
I got a great guy.
No questions asked,
first-rate tracker.
Needs cash wired to him
before he’ll start looking.
Ten grand a head.
Do it.
Counselor,
where’s your partner?
Rosen’s in court.
Wanted me to talk
to you in person.
That don’t sound good.
It’s not, sweetheart.
Charming City Council
put a motion before
the Sanwa judge.
Won a new bail hearing
in the assault case.
Shit!
Tig:
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
It means everyone goes
back inside until trial.
Why?
What did we do?
The attack at the wake.
That’s right.
They’re saying your
criminal enterprises
instigated the retaliation.
Yeah.
Jacob Hale.
Guy’s a prick.
Got a big ax
and he’s grinding it.
I picked up on that
this morning at Floyd’s.
The town’s pissed.
What happens we don’t show?
The longer in the wind,
the more time it adds.
180 days before your bail
is forfeited.
When’s the hearing?
Friday.
Need a heads up either way.
Sorry, fellas.
This spun my head, too.
Best intel puts Cameron
and Abel in Vancouver.
That’s where I’m going.
Do this last run
for the Irish.
I’m gonna pick up my mom,
get some new I.D., head north.
Gets Gemma out of Dodge.
I’ll hook up with Serg’s
tracker, find my kid.
You ain’t going alone.
Look, we don’t know
how these Sanwa charges
are going to land.
Lowen said most of the people
in that hall won’t testify.
Might end up just being
the federal gun charges.
But if we all skip,
we look guilty.
They’ll use that against us.
I can’t ask you guys
to take that hit.
But I can.
Who’s up for
a Canadian adventure?
Oh, aye, aye.
You lose...eh?
You’re all very
unbalanced individuals.
Oh, yeah?
Thank you.
If you take Gemma with you,
you’re going to have
to tell her about the kid.
I know.
We’ll do that together.
Thanks.
He’s not at the church.
I went up and down
every street,
checked the mini-mart,
the gas station–
There’s no sign of him.
I tried calling a few
of his friends–
there’s nothing.
I can’t believe
I just let him drive away.
Jesus, how could I do that?
Stupid bitch.
You have her tied up
in a basement.
You can’t expect her
to be cooperative–
Not talking about her!
[sobbing]
[sobbing grows louder]
- Thanks, Pop.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey.
You going to
pick up the kids?
Yeah.
I need the Caddy.
Is something wrong?
I got to ask you
for a favor.
Club needs some money
to track down Abel.
We got this opportunity with,
um, the Chinese.
Kind of a private party
kind of thing.
Porn star movie fetish?
Sounds about right.
Five grand each.
This afternoon.
Most of the girls
are hurting for work.
I’ll call Ima, Tina,
and maybe the twins.
Um, I want to do it, too.
Jax doesn’t have to pay me.
It’s my way of helping.
You don’t have to do that.
I want to do it.
Look, I know
you hate it, Ope,
but I’ve got
maybe another year or two
in this niche.
I need to cash in
while I still look like
everyone’s kid sister.
Got to let it go.
I just don’t
want you ending up...
What?
Sad.
How could I ever be sad?
I’m with you.
You’re my guy.
[applause]
[whistling]
Gotta go.
See you later?
Yep.
She going to
be able to help?
Yeah, she’s going to
call the girls.
Beautiful.
Looks like you guys
are working things out, huh?
Yeah, I can never tell.
Every time I try
to talk to her,
we end up naked.
Just marry her.
That’ll stop it.
[gasps]
I’m not going to hurt you.
You’re the doctor
they were waiting for?
I wasn’t expecting a woman.
I’m going to have to
clean that out.
It’ll sting a little.
I can’t see ’em,
but I’m guessing my hands
are a nice shade
of purple right now.
Can you feel your fingers?
No, I’m numb.
No circulation.
I’ll cut one hand free,
let the blood flow back in.
Don’t do anything stupid.
Thank you.
Can I trouble you
for the bedpan?
Sorry.
It’s okay.
I can’t, um...
Can you, can you just
slide it a little more?
Tig: Gemma,
Nate just pulled up!
Gemma, Gemma,
Nate just pulled up.
He’s headed into
the backyard. Come on.
Where’d you go, Dad?
Where’s the gun?
I got rid of it.
Why?
Did I kill someone?
Oh, no, no, Daddy, no.
I remember–
It was an accident.
Tig is okay.
It– It’s perfect.
Everything is fine.
Days like this...
when I can remember
everything I usually forget,
these are the worst days.
I was useless
to her, Gemma.
I couldn’t even
comfort her at the end.
You know Mom’s gone?
And, um, you know we’re gonna
have to leave this place soon?
Go someplace where people
can take care of you?
I know, I know.
I’m sorry, Daddy.
How’s the campaign shaping up?
Not official yet.
I’ll announce next month.
Well, we got a little
announcement, too.
Hale’s using his influence
with the City Council
to lock us up till trial.
Not surprised.
He’s leveraging
David’s murder,
tipping the scales
of public sentiment.
Yeah, well, it’s working.
Afraid so.
Any news on your boy?
Got a solid lead.
He’s up in Vancouver.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
You’re gonna skip.
Temporary departure.
I got 200 acres up
against that bail.
We’ll be back long
before it defaults.
You ain’t gonna
lose your land.
We’re not afraid
to do the time, Oswald.
This is about finding my son.
Now Jacob’s gonna use the bail
against me in the campaign.
He’ll say if I didn’t
put up the money,
that little boy
wouldn’t be shot
and his brother
would still be alive.
And we’ll remind everyone
if you didn’t put up that bail,
Zobelle and the Mayans
would own Charming by now.
If anything else happens, Clay,
I’m not gonna be able to help.
I need some distance.
Well, when you need us,
we’ll be here.
Good luck finding your son.
[Gemma gasps]
Where are the keys
to Nate’s car?
I don’t know!
I will cut
your goddamned throat!
I swear, I don’t know
where they are.
Probably still in his pocket.
[grunts]
No!
[gasps]
Oh, my God!
Oh!
[panting]
Sh–
She’s dead.
Her plan, not mine.
I leave you girls
alone for ten minutes.
Any ideas here?
Jax can’t know about this.
Yeah, this is
the last thing
the club needs.
Well, then we
better work fast.
They’re making
a run for the Irish.
They’re gonna be
up here tomorrow.
Oh, perfect.
Tig:
Bachman.
Bachman’s based out
of Crescent City.
He can probably be here
in an hour or so.
The cleaner guy?
Yeah, he’s independent.
He works for around
two or three grand,
but he is good.
There’s some cash here,
but not that much.
Will he take jewelry?
I’ll call him.
All right,
go keep my dad busy.
All right.
We’ll take care of her.
We will?
Hey, you’re the one who decided
her fingers needed to breathe.
You don’t want Jax to find out
about this, we gotta handle it.
[gasps]
[vomits]
Concussion?
Mmm!
I’m okay.
Cherry, baby?
A little less smoking,
a little more sweeping?
[men conversing in distance]
Yes, ma’am.
Hey.
Hey!
How was your holiday?
What’s the matter, Trini?
Walking back from the depot...
there were peelers everywhere.
They found Cammy Hayes
strangled...
Army tag on his head.
Cherry:
Shit!
Take your laundry upstairs.
Get it started.
Ain’t you got
nothing to say, Ma?
Cammy was your cousin!
Cammy was a fool!
He died a fool’s death!
Now go on upstairs!
Do you hear me?
Hey.
All right, listen
to your ma, huh?
Well, I guess you heard.
Aye.
So, do you know
anything about it?
Just that he’s dead.
Right.
He was your kin.
He didn’t reach out to you?
Maureen:
I’ve got 47 cousins.
None of them reach out.
[zipping bag]
[motorcycles depart]
I ask you to do something,
you think you can
keep your mouth shut?
Of course.
I need you to reach
out to Charming.
Get a cell number
for Gemma Teller.
Why?
Part of the mouth shutting,
not asking any questions.
Okay, I’ll give
Half-Sack a call.
You’re missing a sweet
Asian buffet inside.
All you can eat.
Ah.
With your mom being away,
it feels too much
like cheating.
I miss her so goddamn much.
Yeah, me, too.
Shit, I better go
get my dick sucked.
I’m starting to sound
as whipped as you.
Blow me.
I love you, too, son.
[both grunting]
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
Talk to him.
Hey.
Finally.
Sorry.
There’s been a
lot going on here.
What was the crisis
with Nate?
You really want to know?
Shit.
Apparently your granddad
went off the rails a bit–
shot Tig.
Thought he was an intruder.
Jesus Christ.
He’s okay.
It’s pretty much superficial.
Look, I’m heading
up there tomorrow.
Just stay put, okay?
Yeah.
I’m sorry I left
the way I did.
It’s okay.
As long as
everyone’s safe.
Yeah.
Everyone’s fine.
Nate:
Who’s that?
He’s someone
for Amelia, Nate.
Yeah, he’s giving
her a ride home.
This is what I need.
Most of this stuff’s
in the garage.
I’ll send Tara
out for the rest.
Okay.
How’s the drain
in that slop sink?
I think it’s fine.
Good.
I’m in the mood
for some music.
’80s.
I’ll make that happen.
[lively chatter]
[laughter]
I like the smell
of this one.
Woman: I know.
I knew you would.
Uh, Vietnamese is not
my favorite,
but Chinese, I like...
[woman giggling]
You said you
were Chinese, right?
- No?
- Uh-uh.
You have a full American ass.
Oh, shit.
Hey, Ope.
Opie!
Shit.
- Let’s go.
- Opie, what are you doing?
Hey, let go!
What the hell?!
[clamoring]
This is my life!
[shouting]
[speaking foreign language]
Come on!
Get out, out!
- Stay in!
- Get off!
Stay down!
Hopefully someone
is filming it.
You guys really know
how to crash a party.
Sorry.
Ope’s still adjusting
to his old lady’s career path.
Then why the hell
was he here?
I don’t know
what he was thinking.
He was thinking he doesn’t
want any guns or money.
I need those MP-5’s.
Come on, Lin, all the shit
I did for you in Oakland,
you can’t front me?
That would set a precedent.
Impacts all my other business.
Sorry.
What about a piece
of our trade?
Italians like small guns.
They’ll want the MP-5’s.
I’ll give you Cacuzza, you
cut me in for ten percent.
Five.
And I deal direct.
Get us our guns.
Hey, darlin’.
What happened?
I just talked to
one of the Crow-Eaters,
and, uh, your cousin
killed Half-Sack.
The prospect was your guy?
Why wouldn’t you tell me
something like that?
I’m so sorry, love.
I didn’t know.
Here’s Gemma’s number.
You going to be okay?
It’s part of
the deal, right?
Yeah, it is.
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
Oh...
She ain’t here.
All done.
Where is she?
Where’s who?
Here’s $1,600.
Um, take the rest in goods.
Anything.
[door opening]
[door closing]
I’m sorry, brother.
It’s all good, man.
It was a stupid idea.
We shouldn’t have put
you through it.
[door opening]
We’ll find the money.
Hey, grab a drink.
Hey, sweetie.
What?
You’d kill to get your
old lady out of her day job.
All I want is mine
to go back to hers.
Tara wants to take a leave.
Maybe it’s the best thing.
All the shit
she’s been through...
Yeah, I don’t know.
I’m struggling with it.
My old man’s manuscript,
he said there’s only two ways
an old lady makes it.
Either you tell
them everything,
or you tell them nothing.
Anything else,
shit falls apart.
I didn’t tell Donna anything.
Woman:
All right, Bobby.
Bobby:
Chin up.
What about this one?
Thanks.
Opie:
I don’t know yet.
Hey, killer.
Hey.
You want to take me home?
Sure.
Finish this later?
Nope.
All right.
Love you, bro.
Love you, too.
Can you give me a lift?
Jax, Clay, you got
to see this.
I just got an e-mail
from the Belfast VP.
This was taken six hours ago.
Short Strand, Belfast.
Cameron’s in Ireland?
Then where’s Abel?